1. A: No dad. B: Grandma plus girl are on the boat, say bye to Father, very sad. C: They haven't gotten to the new place yet. D: They haven't gotten there yet.
2. A: Departure is at the very end. B: Doesn't really mention ship's sailors, plus the farewell is at the end. C: It mentions 10 words about money. D: Describes in detail the wharf, then moves on to how the girl feels about everything
3. A: A and B sound really good, but I like that A mentions the seperation. Actually C, reasoning being it mentions the action of the story, rather than the seperation, since Fenella doesn't even know that her father is leaving them.
4. A: Ominous == unsure, I'm just putting it rather than D because A mentions seperation, and sinister doesn't seem like an appropiate word for this context
5. A: He isn't even going with them. B: Sorta, but not main thing. C: Yes. D: The story doesn't mention anything that went wrong. 
6. A: No signs of disagreements, only love and concern. B: Prob. C: Once again, no sign of hostility in their speech. D: "Clasped grandma in his arms and pressed her to him."
7. A: Shows basic politeness. B: Same basically. C: Getting to the good part, but doesn't include. D: Yes(Sobbing).
8. A:Yes, as it shows sad emotions. B: It ain't disgusting to show love to your mother. C: Not shocking either. D: Not appalling either.
9. A: Not defiance, she doesn't say anything about I DON'T WANNA GO. B: Prob, narrator shows that she is very sad. C: Doesn't show signs of fear, just sadness. D: "It was no good looking any longer"
10. A: Shows that she doesn't want to be away. B: Not bad, shows that she wants to see him, but I think A is better. C: NOt bad again, but not as strong. D: Acceptance.
11. A: "A shilling! She must be going away for ever!" B: I mean it could work, but A is much more implied. C: No, it could literally just be a day or two with that dialogue. D: Ok, but A is once again more implied.
10/11

1. A: The first paragraph is about Aunt Agatha. B: The main focus isn't about the routine, rather the Aunt. C: He doesn't talk about his feelings. D: He doesn't compare himself to her. 
2. A: He doesn't admire as much as be intimidated. B: He doesn't think she is sketch. C: Yes. D: He isn't amused by her, he is mildly scared. 
3. A: No proof of that. B: No mention of that either. C: Only mentions dreamless once. D: "I'm never at my best in the early morning... somewhere in the small hours."
4. A: Talks about how bossy she is, and also talks about how little of a back bone the narrator has. B: Doesn't talk much about background information besides the fact that she bosses everyone around. C: Not really poor treatment, just bossing around. D: The problem isn't mentioned until a lot later. 
5. A: She obviously understands that he doesn't have anything important planned. B: Yes, she recognizes that golf isn't that important. C: They aren't going to do stuff together in the first place. D: She doesn't care if she is interferring. 
6. Yes, as the narrator basically implies that there are plenty of stupid things he could be doing. B: Doesn't mention about helping. C: He doesn't know why she is here, but doesn't mention it either. D: Not neccesarily, just that he knows how dumb he is. 
7. A: Accurate idiot. B: Flawless idiot. C: Absolute idiot. D: Ideal idiot.
8. A: Quote says it, this is for the previous women. B: Passage says he knows they are openminded. C: Doesn't say that. D: She told him she was vaudeville.
9. A: He likes a girl. B: Gurls don't like him back, these are the previous women. C: He wrote homew about a cutie. D: Openminded. 
10. A: He beta af. B: He beta af. C: Yes, he beta af. D: That's kinda beta, but not beta enough, he has to go to America. 
11. A: Sorta, but more about how she is bossy and rude. B: "wants you to do a thing you do it". C: Talks about his schedule. D: Tells him to go to America, but he asks why. 
9/11 READ AND MAKE SURE YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THE QUESTION IS ASKING, SUCH AS THE CURRENT WOMAN RATHER THAN THE PREVIOUS WOMEN

1. A: "As the painter looked at the gracious and comely form he had so skilfully mirrored in his art, a smile of pleasure passed across his face, and seemed about to linger there. " B: Does mention beauty, but says that beautiful people are stupid. C: Thinking you are better than everyone, last sentence suggests this. D: The artist says the opposite. 
2. D: "caused such public excitement and gave rise to so many strange conjectures". 
3. A: Yes, shows that he knows he did good, but then does weird shit, imprison within his brain some curious dream from which he feared he might awake, internal conflict. B: That's the first half. C: Doesn't show signs of relief. D: He knows he did good. 
4. A: Doesn't even mention it when he talks about them. B: That's only for a specific one. C: "or so many pictures that I have not been able to see the people", I think this is just stupid D: Since the Lord already says that the art is good, and then asks why he doesn't send it anywhere kinda suggests that it art venues are mainly for viewing beauitufl paintings
5. A: Talks bad about the Academy. B: Too many people. C: Too many pictures. D: Completely unrelated. 
6. A: One sided. B: It is no-nonense, but I think there are better options. C: No humor. D: "What odd chaps you painters are!you seem to want to throw it away." His dialogue makes it seems as if he is slightly annoyed with his behavior. 
7. A: Literally, real beauty ends where an intellectual expression begins. B: Contradicts statement. C: True, but not main. D: He is smart bruh. 
8. A: B: Destroys the conformity of any face. C: D: Yes, next sentence mentions "one becomes all nose, or all forehead, or something horrid." Indicating a lack of balance
9. A: He agrees with Harry on this topic. B: Yes, "You don't understand me, Harry" "Of course I am not like him"
10. A: 
11. D: Mentions his brains, Harry's wealth, we shall all suffer from what the gods have given us, suffer terribly
8/11
"It is better not to be different frome one's fellows." Live undisturbed
Tryharder to see if there are other possible intreprations

1. A: No, but the second part is pretty wack.  B: No, however "new info" and they only talked about inheritance for a couple sentences. C: Yes, first part good, and second part pretty good, such as father talking about how they could get money from her. D: No
2. A: Yes, She does say they are somewhat alike, and does say she wants to meet her. B: She doesn't really care/mention that. C: Doesn't mention her Aunt's intentions, and her dad brought up the inheritance. D: She honestly doesn't even seem puzzled
3. A: Awkward, Identity was contradicted by the fact that there should be two. B: Yes, Identity was challenged. C: No, Identity was opposed. D: No, Identity was resisted. 
4. D: Obv, but also shows that 
5. D: Calling him dear. You must have forgotten.
6. B: I think that 'respect' works better than being in awe
7. A: She just doesn't like the ethics and aesthetics of the nineteenth century represented by her father's opinionis. B: It doesn't do a comparison between their generations. C: Yes, by calling him senile and all. D: Sorta, but it isn't the main purpose. 
8. A: They constantly disagreed, not a one time thing. B: Yes. C: Isn't indicated in any of the evidence options. D: Not the reason for their split. 
9. A: No, just comparing them two. B: Maybe, they always disagreed. C: No, he did mess up financially, but it isn't indicated in the passage that this is the reason they splitted up. D: Calling her old ass old
10. A: "She had written a kindly letter, but the kindliness had an air of pity. It was all consistent enough with what her father had told her." B: "She had a written a kindly letter, but the kindliness had an air of pity. It was all consistent with what her father had told her." C: She doesn't mention her fortune. Just her father hoping that she will give Rachel some. D: She already guessed that from the beginning. 
11. A: No. B: IT WAS NOT A FINANCIAL THING. C: I mean it is pretty good advice. D: Truuuuuuuuuuuuuuue.
8/11
CONSIDER EVERY ANSWER, BROOOOOOOOO, WHOLE POINT OF THIS THING

1. A: It does mention that she cares more about her gown than her husband, B: Doesn't really mention the crowdness. C: I mean... I guess. D: Not really, only mention that they linked arms. 
2. A: 'Began to feel something of disappointment' B: 'She longed to dance' C: 'Began to feel something of disappointment' D: Doesn't really mention that she hates Mrs. Allen. 
3. A: Talks about their arrival. B: 'She longed to dance', kinda. C: Shows the disappoint. Wants to dance and talk D: Just talks about them not seeing Mr. Allen, only them to talk to 
4. A: Sorta, she dispite of everything is just talking about her dress and congratulating herself. I am swapping because the next lighn of dialogue it says, "WIth perfect serenity", and it seems that she is just having fun. SWAP BACK, since later in the dialogue she says that I have not seen anything I like so well in the whole room, SWAP BACK, she makes a couple of jokes and stuff B: Very concerned about the details, sorta, but could do better. C: I mean... a little. D: She does express a lot of vanity, congratulating herself. Ok
5. B: She literally ssays it.
6. A: We should just leave, nothing for us to do. True. How very captiviating. No B: True, how very irriating. C: True, how very invigorating. No D: True, how very penetrating. We will leave soon. No
7. A: Catherine never seems angry at Mrs. Allen. B: She never laughs, actually I think it has to be this one because she seems kinda frustrated, with line 49-51 C:  D: She is not angered or irritated. 
8. A: Catherine just saying how she have no friends here. B: She is self-conscious and feels as if people are wondering why they came to the party. C: She wishes that someone came, and Mrs. Allen agrees and mentions the Skinners from last year. D: Are you sure you don't know anybody?
9. A: Pretty obv, 
10. A: Doesn't really mention their shunnedness. B: I mean they didn't make an attempt lol. C: This is like the fifth time the passage has mentioned her getting a partner. D: It doesn't actually show an awkward conversation. 
11. A: Probably, since it says she tried to hide a yawn. B: Tired yes, but she is paying attention. C: She still tried. D: She doesn't seem offended
FOCUS ON WHAT THE ACTUAL QUOTE SAYS, NOT WHAT THE REST OF THE PASSAGE MAY HINT AT
DON'T ASSUME IF ONLY HALF THE ANSWER TO A QUESTION IS RIGHT
